(The Basics)

State your Hero's full name, and any and all aliases used: (how long in use?/why?)

How would you physically describe your Hero? (Age, size, coloring) Any distinguishing marks? Anything particularly notable about his or her looks?

Does your Hero have any recurring mannerisms?

Does your Hero have any hobbies?

How would your Hero describe his/her lifestyle?


(The Past)

What country is your Hero from originally, and where did s/he grow up? Was there any other place s/he lived that had a significant effect on him/her?)

What jobs, positions, or titles has your Hero held? (when?/where?)

Does your Hero have a criminal record? (Why? Is s/he still wanted?)

Give a brief summary of your Hero's past.

In a short paragraph, have your Hero describe his/her most vivid memory:


(Friends, Foes, and Family)

What about your Hero's family? Who are your Hero's relatives, and how close are they?

How would your Hero's parents describe him/her?

Does your Hero have any friends or contacts? (Where?) Did your Hero know, or know of, the other PCs or NPCs prior to beginning this campaign?

Is your Hero in love, or has s/he ever been romantically involved? Is s/he married or betrothed? (With whom? Where are they now, what is the status of the relationship?)

Does your Hero have any dependents?

Does your Hero have any enemies (Who? Why?)


(The Hero in Society)

How do others see your Hero?

What are your Hero's notable social traits? Any personal quirks? How does your Hero relate to others?

What awards and honors has your Hero received?

Is your Hero a gentleman or a gentlewoman? (Noble?)

What is your Hero's level of education? Does s/he hold any degrees? (From where?)

Is your Hero a member of a guild, gentleman's club, or secret society?

Where is your Hero living now, and why?

What is your Hero's opinion of his/her country? Is your Hero a patriot?


(Looking Inside)

How does your Hero see his or herself?

What are your Hero's most and least favorite things? (Music, foods/drink, equipment/toys)

What about your Hero's psychology? Any notable mental traits or quirks?

What is your Hero's main motivation, what drives him/her?

Where do your Hero's true loyalties lie?

Does your Hero have any prejudices?

How religious is your Hero? What sect of the Church does she follow?

What does your Hero think of Sorcery?

What is your Hero's greatest strength? Greatest weakness?

What is your Hero's greatest love? Is there anything s/he hates or reviles?

What is your Hero's single greatest fear? Hope?


(Looking to the Future)

Do you foresee any conflicts that might arise due to your Hero's past?

What are your Hero's goals (long/short term?) What would your Hero like to be doing in 5 years? 10 years?

What are your companion groups' goals (long/short term?)

What are your Hero's highest ambitions?

If you could, what advice would you (the Player) give your Hero?
